Private Policy of Cat's Adoption Website

This page is use to inform visitors regarding the policies with collection, use and disclosure of 
personal information if anyone decide to use our service. 

If you decide to use our service then you must agree with the collection and use of information in 
relation with this policy. The personal information that we collect are appropriately used for 
providing and improving our service. Therefore we will not use or share the information with any 
entity except as stated in this policy. 

Information Collection and Use

For better experience, we will require the person to provide us with certain personal identification
including but not limited to name, phone number, email, and address. This information we collect will 
be used for your contact information and identity. 

Log Data

We would like to inform you that whenever a person visit our webpage we collect relevant information
that your browser send as log data. This includes information such as computer IP(internet protocol) address,
web brower version, time stamp, date of visit, number of time spent in these pages and other relevant 
statistics.

Cookies

not used as of the moment

Service Providers

We employ third-party website due to the following reasons:
- To facilitate our service
- To provide service on our behalf
- To perform related services

We would like to inform our users that these third party websites will have access to your personal information.
The reason is to perform the necessary tasks assigned to them on our behalf. They are obliged not to disclose and 
use the information for any unlawful use. 

Security

We respectfully value the trust you provide to us therefore we are oblige to protect your personal information at 
all cost. Therefore we would like to inform you that there is no 100% secure and reliable method over the internet 
and we cannot guarantee the absolute security. 

Links to Other Sites

Our website will contain other links to sites. If ever you click a third-party link then you will be directed to the 
specific website. Please be reminded that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore we strongly encourage 
you to review the private policy of these named websites. We cannot control and will assume no responsibility for the 
content, private policies, practices and services of these sites.

Children Privacy

Our site is child-friendly and we cannot control the access of children to our site. But if you are a parent or guardian 
and are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please immediately contact us so that we can 
perform the necessary actions.

Changes to This Private Policy

Our private policy is constantly updated from time to time. Thus we encourage our user to review this private policy 
frequently for any pertinent changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this web page. 

Contact Us

If you have any concern or suggestion about this private policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.      
